[samples] (Combine workbooks) Make the need to switch the input more clear (#401)
OfficeDev/office-scripts-docs: docs/resources/samples/combine-worksheets-into-single-workbook.md

    * **File**: Your file
    * **Script**: Add worksheets
    * **workbookName**: *Name* (dynamic content from **List files in folder**)

>     * **worksheetInformation** (after pressing the **Switch to input entire array** button - see the following note): *result* (dynamic content from **Run script**)

Reviewer: I think the guidance is to say "select" or "choose" instead of "press" or "click"
```suggestion
    * **worksheetInformation** (after selecting the **Switch to input entire array** button, see the note following the next image): *result* (dynamic content from **Run script**)
```
